Feature/M0078DDG-375 fix mixup stacktracereader (#172)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/stackTraceReader.rst

This tool is a built-in platform tool.

Use (Standalone Application)
============================

For example, write the following new line to dump the currently executed stack trace on the
standard output.

.. figure:: images/trace1.png
   :alt: Code to Dump a Stack Trace
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Code to Dump a Stack Trace

> To be able to decode an application stack trace, the stack trace reader
> tool requires the application binary file 
> (in the case of a platform with full BSP connection (see :ref:`BSP Connection Cases <bsp_connection_cases>`), the file is ``application.out`` in the output folder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To decode an application stack trace, the stack trace reader tool requires the application executable ELF file.
In the case of a platform with full BSP connection (see :ref:`BSP Connection Cases <bsp_connection_cases>`), the file is ``application.out`` in the output folder. 
In the other cases, the ELF file is generated by the C toolchain when building the BSP project (usually a ``.out`` or ``.axf`` file).
```

   :alt: Select Stack Trace Reader Tool
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Select Stack Trace Reader Tool

In :guilabel:`Configuration` tab, browse the previously generated application
binary file with debug information (``application.out`` in case of a Standalone Application with full BSP connection)

.. figure:: images/STR_configuration_standalone.png
   :alt: Stack Trace Reader Tool Configuration (Standalone Application)
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Stack Trace Reader Tool Configuration (Standalone Application)

Click on :guilabel:`Run` button and copy/paste the trace into the Eclipse
console. The decoded trace is dumped and the line corresponding to the
application hook is now readable.

.. figure:: images/STR_trace-read.png
   :alt: Read the Stack Trace
   :scale: 100%
   :align: center
   
   Read the Stack Trace

The stack trace reader can simultaneously decode heterogeneous stack
traces with lines owned by different applications and the firmware.
Other debug information files can be appended using the
:guilabel:`Additional object files` option. Lines owned by the firmware can be
decoded with the firmware debug information file (optionally made

> available by your firmware provider).

Reviewer 2: ok see comment below => to be moved to the Use (Sandboxed Application) section

Use (Sandboxed Application)
===========================

For example, write the following new line to dump the currently executed stack trace on the
standard output.

.. figure:: images/STR_stacktracedump.png
   :alt: Code to Dump a Stack Trace
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Code to Dump a Stack Trace

To decode an application stack trace, the stack trace reader
tool requires the application binary file with debug information
(``application.fodbg`` in the output folder). Note that the file 
uploaded on the device is ``application.fo`` (stripped version
without debug information).

.. figure:: images/STR_debugfofile.png
   :alt: Application Binary File with Debug Information
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Application Binary File with Debug Information

On successful deployment, the application is started on the device and
the following trace is dumped on standard output.

.. figure:: images/STR_tracetermite_sandboxed.png
   :alt: Stack Trace Output
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Stack Trace Output

To create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration, right-click on the application
project and click on :guilabel:`Run As...` > :guilabel:`Run Configurations...`.

> Create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration. In the :guilabel:`Execution` tab, select your target platform, then select the :guilabel:`Stack Trace Reader` tool. Set an output folder in the :guilabel:`Output folder` field.

Reviewer 2: Felix tested with only the `.fodbg` file.

(the Kernel executable may not be able to the app developer)

We should explain both cases: (the base option is mandatory)
- If you have the Kernel executable => put it in the base option and put the `.fodbg` in additionnal files
- If you don't have the Kernel executable => put the `.fodbg` in the base option

> Create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration. In the :guilabel:`Execution` tab, select your target platform, then select the :guilabel:`Stack Trace Reader` tool. Set an output folder in the :guilabel:`Output folder` field.

Author: I am not sure what is the difference here, how can I (or any developer for that matter) get access to the Kernel executable and use it with the stack trace reader ? From the previous version of the tutorial I gathered that only the `.fodbg` file was needed to use the STR, not sure how to proceed from here.

> Create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration. In the :guilabel:`Execution` tab, select your target platform, then select the :guilabel:`Stack Trace Reader` tool. Set an output folder in the :guilabel:`Output folder` field.

Author: Following jleroux's explanations, wrote a first draft for the Kernel executable file usage. Feedback welcome

> Create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration. In the :guilabel:`Execution` tab, select your target platform, then select the :guilabel:`Stack Trace Reader` tool. Set an output folder in the :guilabel:`Output folder` field.

Reviewer: Looks good to me

> Create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration. In the :guilabel:`Execution` tab, select your target platform, then select the :guilabel:`Stack Trace Reader` tool. Set an output folder in the :guilabel:`Output folder` field.

Reviewer 2: Yes it's very clear.
I just pulled up the "multi-trace" capability in functional description.
Thanks @fpinel-microej

> This tool is a built-in platform tool.

Reviewer 2: - blur the platform / vd in the screeshots

Use (Standalone Application)
============================

Write a new line to dump the currently executed stack trace on the
standard output.

.. figure:: images/trace1.png
   :alt: Code to Dump a Stack Trace
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Code to Dump a Stack Trace

To be able to decode an application stack trace, the stack trace reader
tool requires the application binary file 

> (in the case of a platform with full BSP connection (see :ref:`BSP Connection Cases <bsp_connection_cases>`), the file is ``application.out`` in the output folder).

Reviewer 2: avoid nested parenthesis

.. figure:: images/STR_application-out.png
   :alt: Application Binary File
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Application Binary File

On successful deployment, the application is started on the device and
the following trace is dumped on standard output.

.. figure:: images/STR_tracetermite_standalone.png
   :alt: Stack Trace Output
   :scale: 100%
   :align: center
   
   Stack Trace Output

To create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration, right-click on the application
project and click on :guilabel:`Run As...` > :guilabel:`Run Configurations...`.

Create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration. In the :guilabel:`Execution` tab, select your target platform, then select the :guilabel:`Stack Trace Reader` tool. Set an output folder in the :guilabel:`Output folder` field.

.. figure:: images/STR_selecttool_standalone.png
   :alt: Select Stack Trace Reader Tool
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

>    Select Stack Trace Reader Tool

Reviewer 2: Stack Trace Reader Tool Configuration (Platform Selection)

In :guilabel:`Configuration` tab, browse the previously generated application
binary file with debug information (``application.out`` in case of a Standalone Application with full BSP connection)

> .. figure:: images/STR_configuration_standalone.png

Reviewer 2: - remove Serial To Socket transmitter launch in standalone screenshot

   :alt: Stack Trace Reader Tool Configuration (Standalone Application)
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Stack Trace Reader Tool Configuration (Standalone Application)

Click on :guilabel:`Run` button and copy/paste the trace into the Eclipse
console. The decoded trace is dumped and the line corresponding to the
application hook is now readable.

.. figure:: images/STR_trace-read.png
   :alt: Read the Stack Trace
   :scale: 100%
   :align: center
   

>    Read the Stack Trace

Reviewer 2: Stack Trace Reader Console

Use
===

> ---------------------------

Reviewer 2: I suggest to merge the title

Use (Standalone Application)
===================

Use (Sandboxed Application)
===================

.. figure:: images/STR_debugfofile.png
   :alt: Application Binary File with Debug Information
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Application Binary File with Debug Information

On successful deployment, the application is started on the device and
the following trace is dumped on standard output.

.. figure:: images/STR_tracetermite_sandboxed.png
   :alt: Stack Trace Output
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Stack Trace Output

To create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration, right-click on the application
project and click on :guilabel:`Run As...` > :guilabel:`Run Configurations...`.

Create a new MicroEJ Tool configuration. In the :guilabel:`Execution` tab, select your target platform, then select the :guilabel:`Stack Trace Reader` tool. Set an output folder in the :guilabel:`Output folder` field.

.. figure:: images/STR_selecttool_sandboxed.png
   :alt: Select Stack Trace Reader Tool
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

>    Select Stack Trace Reader Tool

Reviewer 2: Stack Trace Reader Tool Configuration (Virtual Device Selection)

In :guilabel:`Configuration` tab, browse the previously generated application
binary file with debug information (``application.fodbg`` in case of a Sandboxed
Application)

.. figure:: images/STR_selectfile_sandboxed.png
   :alt: Stack Trace Reader Tool Configuration (Sandboxed Application)
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

   Stack Trace Reader Tool Configuration (Sandboxed Application)

Click on :guilabel:`Run` button and copy/paste the trace into the Eclipse
console. The decoded trace is dumped and the line corresponding to the
application hook is now readable.

.. figure:: images/STR_console_sandboxed.png

>    :alt: Read the Stack Trace

Reviewer 2: Stack Trace Reader Console
